Add ink! as a user of `subxt` (#837)
paritytech/subxt: README.md

- [tidext](https://github.com/tidelabs/tidext) Tidechain client with Stronghold signer.
- [staking-miner-v2](https://github.com/paritytech/staking-miner-v2) Submit NPos election solutions and get rewards.
- [polkadot-introspector](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-introspector) Tools for monitoring Polkadot nodes.

> - [ink!](https://github.com/paritytech/ink) Smart contract language that uses it for [End-to-End testing](https://use.ink/basics/contract-testing#end-to-end-e2e-tests) contracts.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ink!](https://github.com/paritytech/ink) Smart contract language that uses `subxt` for allowing developers to conduct [End-to-End testing](https://use.ink/basics/contract-testing#end-to-end-e2e-tests) of their contracts.
```
